The term Information Technology (IT) includes not only the use of computers but also communications networks and computer literacy knowledge of how to use computer technology. Simply, term of Information Technology is included in the scope of cyber world which has already been spread all over the world. As in other fields, the basic tasks of gathering, allocating, controlling, and retrieving information are the same. The push to use IT in all aspects of health care, from the electronic health record (EHR) to integrated hospital information technology (HIT) systems, makes it crucial for health care professionals to be familiar with basic computer concepts.
Information Technology also covers a broad spectrum of hardware and software solutions that enable organizations to gather, organize, and analyze data that helps them achieve their goals. It also details technology-based workflow processes that expand the capacity of an organization to deliver services that generate revenue. The four main focuses of IT personnel are business computer network and database management, information security, business software development, and computer tech support.
Along with the development of computer technology which is very fast, then the educational program in Computer Science program is directed at the mastery of science and informatics engineering skills based on the ability to understand, analyze, assess, implement, and create software in the computer processing. In addition, the one who learns about information technology is expected to have the ability to plan a network and computer systems, as well as master the basics of science and technology information as a basis for the development of advanced study.
Here are some of the most popular positions for people interested in Information Technology:
1.     Computer Systems Analyst
2.     Cloud Specialist
3.     Computer Forensic Investigator
4.     Health IT Specialist
5.     Database Administrator
6.     Web Developer
7.     IT Manager
8.     Information Technology Vendor Manager
9.     Computer Systems Administrator
10.   Mobile Application Developer
